<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang='en'>
  <head>
    <meta charset='utf-8'>
    <meta content='IE=edge,chrome=1' http-equiv='X-UA-Compatible'>
    <title>Ruby Australia</title>
    <meta content='Ruby Australia' name='description'>
    <meta content='ruby, rails, australia, melbourne, sydney, canberra, perth, central coast, brisbane, perth, western australia, sa, south australia, victoria, new south wales, nsw, vic, qld, queensland, wa, can, programming, meetup, group, user group, conferences, events' name='keywords'>
    <meta content='width=device-width' name='viewport'>
    <link href='/css/screen.css' rel='stylesheet'>
    <script src='/js/modernizr.min.js'></script>
  </head>
  <body>
    <header role='banner'>
      <a href='/'>
        <span class='logo'>Ruby Australia</span>
      </a>
    </header>
    <aside id='meta'>
      <nav role='navigation'>
        <h3>Association</h3>
        <ul>
          <li>
            <a href='/committee-members.html'>Committee Members</a>
          </li>
          <li>
            <a href='/join-ruby-australia.html'>Join Ruby Australia</a>
          </li>
          <li>
            <a href='/association.html'>Meeting Minutes</a>
          </li>
          <li>
            <a href='/code-of-conduct.html'>Code of Conduct</a>
          </li>
          <li>
            <a href='/#railscamp'>Rails Camp</a>
          </li>
          <li>
            <a href='/#rubyconf-au'>RubyConf AU</a>
          </li>
          <li>
            <a href='http://twitter.com/rubyaustralia'>@rubyaustralia</a>
          </li>
        </ul>
        <h3>Community</h3>
        <ul>
          <li>
            <a href='/#meetups'>Meetups</a>
          </li>
          <li>
            <a href='/articles'>Articles</a>
          </li>
          <li>
            <a href='https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/rails-oceania'>Mailing list</a>
          </li>
          <li>
            <a href='https://rubyau-slack.herokuapp.com/'>Slack</a>
          </li>
          <li>
            <a href='http://kiwiirc.com/client/irc.freenode.net/roro'>IRC (#roro)</a>
          </li>
          <li>
            <a href='https://vimeo.com/rubyau/channels'>Videos</a>
          </li>
          <li>
            <a href='https://github.com/rails-oceania/roro/wiki/Mentoring'>Mentoring</a>
          </li>
          <li>
            <a href='https://github.com/rails-oceania/roro/wiki'>Wiki</a>
          </li>
        </ul>
      </nav>
    </aside>
    <section role='main'>
      
      <h1 id="ruby_australia_committee_meeting_minutes">Ruby Australia Committee Meeting Minutes</h1>
      
      <p><strong>8th of July, 2015 - 7:00pm AEST</strong></p>
      
      <p><strong>Held via GotoMeeting</strong></p>
      
      <h2 id="committee_members_present">Committee Members Present</h2>
      
      <ul>
      <li>Sebastian VonConrad - <strong>President</strong></li>
      
      <li>Melissa Kaulfuss - <strong>Vice President</strong></li>
      
      <li>Matt Allen - <strong>Treasurer</strong></li>
      
      <li>Mikel Lindsaar - <strong>Secretary</strong></li>
      
      <li>Leonard Garvey</li>
      
      <li>Rob Jacoby</li>
      
      <li>Amanda Neumann</li>
      </ul>
      
      <h2 id="appologies">Appologies</h2>
      
      <ul>
      <li>John Barton</li>
      </ul>
      
      <h1 id="agenda">Agenda</h1>
      
      <ol>
      <li>
      <p>Welcome / Apologies / Agenda Amendments</p>
      
      <ul>
      <li>I’d like to add defining the working groups and schedule moving forward - Amanda</li>
      
      <li>Work out a way to properly bring on new committee members - Amanda</li>
      
      <li>Both items approved to be added to the agenda by the committee</li>
      </ul>
      </li>
      
      <li>
      <p>Previous minutes, matters arising - Done</p>
      
      <ul>
      <li>Motion by the secretary that previous minutes are accepted as true and correct?</li>
      
      <li>Approved - VP + President</li>
      </ul>
      </li>
      
      <li>
      <p>President’s report</p>
      
      <ul>
      <li>I had a meeting with Amanda and Mel and there is a proposal to do a welcome email to new members</li>
      
      <li>I like the idea of us as a committee making progress in some way every week</li>
      </ul>
      </li>
      
      <li>
      <p>Treasurer’s report</p>
      
      <ul>
      <li>Paid for all the bills from Rails Camp - all reimbursements are in</li>
      
      <li>Paid for a whole bunch of conference stuff for Ruby Conf Brisbane</li>
      
      <li>Mikel and I came up with an initial layout for Ruby Australia Annual sponsorship, Sapphire to zendesk $5k sold. Difference is we have unlimited sponsors</li>
      
      <li>Mikel and I will finish putting the sponsorship prospectus together.</li>
      
      <li>Rob Jacoby - how should we run putting sponsors on the website? Matt - we’ll handle that asap.</li>
      
      <li>Len Garvey - Any concern with visibility of pricing? Matt - don’t think so.</li>
      
      <li>Rob Jacoby - WRT payments, have you been given schedule for regular payments? Matt - not yet, would be good.</li>
      </ul>
      </li>
      
      <li>
      <p>Define working groups and schedule for actions</p>
      
      <ul>
      <li>President - Key thing is to define the working groups. - Get a chair person for each one.</li>
      
      <li>Mikel - We had a basic list of who was to work on each one to each person</li>
      
      <li>Amanda - Can you outline the 3 groups again?</li>
      
      <li>President - Gives an outline of the 3 target groups as per the website.</li>
      
      <li>Amanda - I suggest that once those groups work out the things to do, we publish an approach we share to the group by the next meeting.</li>
      
      <li>Mel - Richee summarized people who wanted to help on the working group</li>
      </ul>
      
      <ol>
      <li>
      <p><em>Define Chairs on Working Groups.</em></p>
      
      <ul>
      <li>Working Group 1 - Leonard Garvey - Chair, Amanda wants to also work.</li>
      
      <li>Working Group 2 - Melissa Kaulfuss - Chair, Amanda wants to also work.</li>
      
      <li>Working Group 3 - Mikel Lindsaar - Chair</li>
      </ul>
      </li>
      
      <li>
      <p><em>Event Knowledge Project Update</em></p>
      
      <ul>
      <li>Leonard: Post rails camp catchup at Trinity, Keith Pitt, James Sadlier, assist with knowledge sharing</li>
      
      <li>Sebastian; Ealier this year setup a github repo for this. https://github.com/rubyaustralia/guides, I want to keep it open instead of closed. Tim Lucas agreed to write a t-shirt guide.</li>
      
      <li>Rob: Not sure on what can and can’t dump - Len to take up after.</li>
      </ul>
      </li>
      
      <li>
      <p><em>New People into the Community Project Update</em></p>
      
      <ul>
      <li>Mel - Did some research into meetup.com to work out how to create a meetup group account for 10 meet up groups for $100 to get all meetup groups for free.</li>
      
      <li>Mikel - Happy to transfer over Sydney meetup group</li>
      
      <li>Mikel - First adelaide installfest happened</li>
      
      <li>Sebastian - Rails Girls sponsorship done ad hoc, need to work out a standard package / template</li>
      
      <li>Rob Jacoby - Is Rails Girls something we can bring under Ruby Australia? Or keep it separate? Sebastian: I don’t want to dictate not trample on toes, if they want to, they can. I don’t want to take over without them coming to us.</li>
      </ul>
      </li>
      
      <li>
      <p><em>Ruby to the Business Project Update</em></p>
      
      <ul>
      <li>Mikel - John and I haven’t had a chance to catch up yet, we will this month and bring forward a general plan.</li>
      </ul>
      </li>
      
      <li>
      <p><em>How to help bring on new committee members as an item</em></p>
      
      <ul>
      <li>Amanda - Got in touch with Richee who gave us a document about the committee member welcome guide. There are a bunch of things we could share in many ways.</li>
      
      <li>Sebastian - Should get constitution online. Mikel: please give me access and I’ll get it public.</li>
      </ul>
      </li>
      </ol>
      </li>
      
      <li>
      <p>General Business</p>
      
      <ul>
      <li>Len - Rails camp, can we get a Rails Camp channel in out slack?</li>
      
      <li>Rob - Launched the website which is great. Tickets go on Aug 1 and CFP on Aug 1 as well. Still in the process of deciding who the invited speakers will be.</li>
      </ul>
      </li>
      
      <li>
      <p>Next Meeting</p>
      
      <ul>
      <li>Wednesday the 19th 7pm is the next meeting</li>
      
      <li>Mikel to send out invites</li>
      </ul>
      </li>
      
      <li>
      <p>Targets for following month</p>
      
      <ul>
      <li>Minutes to be written up and published</li>
      
      <li>Mel to be gotten on website</li>
      
      <li>Mikel &amp; Matt to finish putting the sponsorship prospectus together</li>
      
      <li>Mikel &amp; John to bring plan forward regarding new businesses into rails</li>
      
      <li>Sebastian to get constitution access to Mikel to be published online</li>
      
      <li>Len to start working on event knowledge gathering, enter data into https://github.com/rubyaustralia/guides</li>
      
      <li>Rob to start a CFP and launch ticket sales for Ruby Australia on August 1</li>
      </ul>
      </li>
      
      <li>
      <p>End of Meeting</p>
      </li>
      </ol>
    </section>
    <footer role='contentinfo'>
      <small>&copy; 2015 Ruby Australia</small>
    </footer>
  </body>
</html>
